ready to start its transformation into a
butterfly but waiting in the wings is a
tiny parasitic wasp looking for
somewhere fleshy to lay her eggs she's
watching for the moment when it will
finally split its skin and emerge as a
chrysalis because that is when she'll
make her move
she crawls over the still soft chrysalis
and gives it a final examination then
before it's skin has a chance to harden
she sticks in her egg tube and pumps it
full of eggs
the young wasps will hatch inside the
chrysalis and eat the contents so that
instead of a cabbage white butterfly
bursting forth out will come a multitude
of wasps ready to find more caterpillars
to infest